you know I'm dying to write ash so do
the rom-com and I will get you the
action six weeks in Malaysia Malaysian
women I just want to write something
that shows love how it really is you
know not funny
not romantic that kind of sounds like a
downer love is a downer which is why
when someone says I love you I love you
I love you I love you my response has
been I just don't see myself ever
feeling the same way about you but then
I met this girl where do a social
experiment
you know what this seats made out of
boyfriend material sorry
Oh God do this guy I know he's my
boyfriend oh you don't look too good
would you have the crab I have the crab
I think we should just be friends that's
allowed right men and women can be
friends yeah squids and squirrels you
know how I kill infatuation with a gun
it's not that hard man boy meets girl
boy girl do it happily ever after
I'm sorry you men really think that sex
is the answer to everything yes oh my
god you're falling for her playmates for
grandmothers you've been engaged to Anna
tell you I had a stealer
you won't even fight for the girl you
look I don't want you to marry this guy
I love you there's no one else
I've looked rom-coms aren't true they're
what we wish were true love is confusing
and it's terrifying and 99 times out of
a hundred doesn't work but if we have
even the slightest chance of being that
one time I'm willing to regret you for
the rest of my
[Music]
love isn't a thinking thing it's a
feeling thing and this is what it felt
like for me
[Music]
you